Updating README to have more background, example usage, and more detailed installation instructions (#119)
facebookexperimental/rn-chrome-devtools-frontend: README.md

Source code for React Native's debugger frontend, based on Chrome DevTools. This project is periodically compiled and checked into the React Native repo as [`@react-native/debugger-frontend`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/main/packages/debugger-frontend).

This project provides the source code for React Native's debugging frontend, which is based on Chrome DevTools. It 
enables developers working on React Native apps to debug their code more efficiently by leveraging Chrome DevTools functionality.

This repository is a fork of [ChromeDevTools/devtools-frontend](https://github.com/ChromeDevTools/devtools-frontend).

## Example usage
After building the project, you can use the React Native Debugger frontend to inspect and debug your React Native app. First, serve the built files 
locally using:

```sh
python3 -m http.server 8000 --directory out/Default/gen/front_end
```

> Then, open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:8000/inspector.html for general debugging, or http://localhost:8000/rn_inspector.html for 
> React Native-specific debugging. This allows you to inspect UI components, monitor network requests, and analyze performance metrics directly in 
> your browser using Chrome DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:8000/rn_fusebox.html for 
React Native-specific debugging.
```

1. Build continuously with a file watcher:

   This option continuously rebuilds the project whenever a file changes. It's best suited for active development as it allows you to see changes
   in real time, but it can consume more system resources, especially in larger projects. Use this during iterative work when you need fast
   feedback.

    ```sh
    npm run watch
    ```

1. Build with the default config once:

   This single, non-watched build compiles the project with the default configuration. It’s quicker and less resource-heavy than the watch build,
   making it ideal for testing changes without long-term commitment to resource usage.

    ```sh
    npm run build
    ```

1. Build with the release config once:

   This one-time build optimizes the code for production use. It’s slower to compile and can take significantly more time but results in a stable,
   high-performance version suitable for production environments. Use this when preparing the project for final deployment or release.

> 

Reviewer 2: These bits feel too verbose (AI generated?) — these scripts are self-documenting. Intend to come back and merge this PR, but let's do a pass of the file which removes these.
